docs(query): Added docs for `input-data` flag (#3858)
Checkmarx/kics: docs/creating-queries.md

isTCPorUDP("TCP") = true
isTCPorUDP("UDP") = true
```

#### Allowing users to overwrite query data
Starting on v1.3.5, KICS started to support custom data overwriting on queries. This can be useful if users want to provide their own dataset or if users has different datasets for multiple enviroments. This can be supported easy following some steps:

1. Create a `data.json` file on the same level as `query.rego`;
2. Define **ALL** keys that can be overwritten with their default value;
3. On `query.rego` file, use `data.<key_on_data_json_file>` to access the value of this key;

> With this simple steps, users will be able to overwrite the keys they want and others keys will use default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With these simple steps, users will be able to overwrite the keys they want, elsewhere will use the default value.
```
